for this dish we make a mushroom curry
with some fish nuts
and some small Reza
okay so this is just a French foie gras
just slice and like a night nicest girl
fresh and we just put like this on the
Concha if you don't have any pend room
you can use a normal suspend so just I
just put salt and pepper on the top just
have to make a nice Croatian
to the five to cook very very slowly and
what is the best thing is to make a nice
coloration around all the flour then you
have something crispy when you eat and
or inside is very smooth so like this
you know we make a nice crochet
and you can see all the fat is going on
so if you have a swagger if it's not a
nice quality of the file is full of fat
and here you can see is not there's no
no many many fat when I buy my four guys
come from France and it's very important
for me to have some very very fresh
water just make a nice avenging a dot so
you can see outside is bran like a
crispy when you cut it to hit inside is
very very smooth and the cooking you
have to be perfect not well done like
your major Maura
okay so now the flower will be ready so
on this pan I
I cook some fish some fish with the
pepper it's very nice and you you have
to just put some butter cook your pitch
in the old face then on the end you just
put some peach liqueur on the on the top
and the pitch is the scum from the wine
I don't know how I can say is okay so if
I will be ready
I put like some glaze on the top
so the nuts will give some crispy and
something sweet as well and when you hit
with the fava or the combination is
coming in your mouth you have something
crispy you have the sweet peach
and that thing
this could become hot now
since the that juice this petite Xing
the final touch is the some fresh Gavin
swing I sniff of the oven
just to put on the top of the fish
and the venue will have a bit about
something fresh air we are
this is the photo for some fish and
other nuts I'm still around